# Education Committee Meeting Minutes - August 5, 2014

## Attendees

- Colin Gallagher
- Daniel Schott
- David Allen
- Nikos Bentenitis
- Sandy Ressler

## Updates and Action Items

1. Nikos Bentenitis described the goals of the new role that the education committee is asked to play: to review *existing* educational materials about Bitcoin. Those materials will be collected, curated and ranked in a publicly visible library. The tool that will be used for this purpose is [Zotero](http://zotero.org), an open-source bibliographic management system. Nikos spent a few minutes demonstrating the capabilities of the software. A screencast of the demonstration is available via the following *unlisted* [Youtube video](http://youtu.be/3yXDlqfJ62w).

2. David Allen brought the issue of transparency for the Foundation. David wondered whether the education committee could play a role in increasing the transparency of the organization. Several opinions were expressed on this matter but no decision was made. David also expressed a concern about the disappearance of a link to the Foundation's Forum from the Foundation's main website. David will raise the issue in our email list to try to find an answer.

3. The next meeting of the education committee will take place at 11:30 am Eastern Time (6:30 pm Central European Time), on August 12. All members in the [education committee mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bitcoin-foundation-education-committee) will receive a reminder 24 hours before the meeting.

