# Education Committee Meeting Minutes - April 15, 2014

## Attendees

- Cesar Gonzalez
- Chris Arnesen
- Colin Gallagher
- David Allen
- Mike Hayes
- Nikos Bentenitis
- Sandy Ressler
- Will Pangman


## Updates and Action Items

1. Nikos Bentenitis updated the committee on the transition to Github. An "index" page for the committee has been created at [http://btcfoundationedcom.github.io](btcfoundationedcom.github.io). It contains links to the guides and proposals and contact information for the committee. Please sign up on Github and share your credentials with Nikos in order to be able to contribute. (It's easy to contribute by pressing the Edit button on Github). The committee discussed the use of Github issues to assign task that people can own and push forward. The "decentralization" or the committee operations is used almost synonymously for greater inclusion.

2. Colin Gallagher summarized the main points of his proposal for the principles behind the social media presence of the education committee. Please review Colin's proposal [on Github](https://github.com/btcfoundationedcom/btcfoundationedcom.github.io/blob/master/proposals/socialmedia.md). It was agreed that by August 22, the social media accounts for the committee should be created and a post should be up.

3. Will Pangman discussed the status of the university relations program that he and Pamela Morgan are spearheading. Will shared a few of his observations from the recent Toronto Bitcoin conference and shared the community's interest in the college outreach programs of the committee.
      - WILL'S UPDATE: The two students from Michigan who are working closely with me to launch the College Bitcoin Student Organization Network were present at the Toronto Conference. There is major interest from all industry players we shared the project with. Also, Pamela and I made many Canadian contacts with high interest in contributing to educational content and outreach directed at both academia and the community there. We will begin including them in the project and perhaps this committee as well. We both are highly concerned with the limited female presence both at these conferences and the bitcoin community at large. We both feel that placing a greater focus on including - and respecting - women who show interest in being involved in the bitcoin community is of enormuos value, and will lead to greater adoption faster, which is our primary and shared goal.

4. The following meeting will take place during the day US time so that committee members from Europe might be able to participate.
