# Education Committee Meeting Minutes - July 22, 2014

## Attendees

- Colin Gallagher
- Daniel Schott
- Nikos Bentenitis
- Sandy Ressler
- Sterling Ledet

## Updates and Action Items

1. Nikos Bentenitis shared with the committee some details about the discussion that he had with Kevin Beardsley (director of membereship) and Jinyoung Englund (director of marketing). Nikos thought that both discussions were extremely fruitful and shared his optimism about the role that the committee will be playing in the near future. Those present agreed that was a positive development

	**UPDATE, July 23**: Nikos Bentenitis just talked with Jon Matonis (executive director) and had a very productive conversation. Jon shared some good news about the new Foundation website (it will be launched around the end of July). Both Jon, during the conversation, and Jinyoung, via email shared with Nikos the committee's first blog post will be posted by the end of the week of July 21.

2. Sterling Ledet inquired if the education committee is (or will ever be) an authority in Bitcoin educational certification, and where would a merchant or retailer go in order to get educated about Bitcoin. Committee members shared their opinions on these questions, and Nikos encouraged Sterling to pose these and other questions to the email list.

3. Daniel Schott shared his latest Bitcoin-related activities in North Dakota and in southern Canada.

4. The next meeting of the education committee will take place at 11:30 am Eastern Time (6:30 pm Central European Time), on July 29. All members in the [education committee mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bitcoin-foundation-education-committee) will receive a reminder 24 hours before the meeting.

