# Education Committee Meeting Minutes - September 30, 2014

## Attendees

- Daniel Schott
- David Allen
- Nikos Bentenitis

## Updates and Action Items

1. Nikos Bentenitis shared that the educational materials created by the committee will be displayed on the soon-to-be-released member's portal of the Foundation. There is no good estimate about when the new site will be available.

2. Daniel Schott shared his experience trying to get speaking opportunities about Bitcoin in various educational institutions in North Dakota. Daniel has already prepared his presentations which can be found on the committee's [Github page](https://github.com/btcfoundationedcom/btcfoundationedcom.github.io/tree/master/decks)

3. There was a discussion about the goal of the committee to select the best educational materials on Bitcoin. Apart from various educational resources that we mentioned, the members present discussed how the committee can amass a critical number of articles as soon as possible. Various ideas were discussed. It was also discussed why some of the committee members who have been active in the past have stopped participating. Nikos will discuss this issue with staff members of the Foundation and report back to the committee.

4. The next meeting of the education committee will take place at 6 pm Eastern Time (12 midnight Central European Time), on October 7. All members in the [education committee mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bitcoin-foundation-education-committee) will receive a reminder 24 hours before the meeting.
