# Education Committee Meeting Minutes - April 8, 2014

## Attendees
- Chris Arnesen
- Colin Gallagher
- David Allen
- Nikos Bentenitis
- Sandy Ressler
- Todd Erickson
- Will Pangman


## Updates and Action Items

1. Colin Gallagher has graciously agreed to lead a team of committee members who are interested in promoting the committee's work on social media. Pending a better title chosen in agreement with Colin, Colin from now on is the committee's "Social Media Lead." Thank you, Colin.

2. Will Pangman has already created some properties for the committee and will share the credentials with Colin Gallagher. Colin will create a strategy for the committee and share it with the team. Ryan Charleston has offered to promote the committee's guides on Bitcorati.

3. Chris Arnesen has graciously agreed to contribute his significant experience with web development in order to support the committee's mission. Chris will be maintaining the committee's Github repositories and will act as a liaison with the creative team of the Foundation in order to create a permanent "home" for the committee on the Foundation website.

4. The content that the committee has created was put on Github and under version control. All members of the committee who are interested in contributing to the guides should create a Github account and share it with Chris Arnesen or Nikos Bentenitis. It is very easy to contribute to the guides using Github if you use an editor like [http://prose.io](Prose.io). You don't need to sign up for Prose.io, just authorize it to access your Github account.

5. The use of Trello as a task management system was discussed. All members present shared their opinion and most thought that Trello might not be the best system for our team. Will Pangman suggested the use of Streak that performs.