# Education Committee Meeting Minutes - June 3, 2014

## Attendees

- Brian Koffler
- Colin Gallagher
- David Allen
- Nikos Bentenitis
- Will Pangman

## Updates and Action Items

1. Nikos Bentenitis updated the committee about his interactions with Foundation board members after the Amsterdam conference. As mentioned in the minutes from May 27, Peter Vessenes promised that he will support a biweekly briefing for committee chairs, so that they can share any updates with the membership. Nikos emailed Peter on May 30, 2014 reminding him of this but has not heard back from him.

2. Colin Gallagher and Will Pangman discussed the recent grant award process of the Foundation. Colin mentioned that there were 37 submitted proposals and those proposals were ranked by a grants committee. The top recommendation of the committee did not receive funding, and the Grant Committee's recommendations were not taken into account or utilized by the Board. Colin was critical about the way that the funding process was managed by the Foundation, and he had later been sent e-mail correspondence by Board Foundation members who were responding to concerns relating to the grant process. Will and Pamela Morgan had also applied for a grant, but their project was funded outside the grant process. Will and Pamela's project will cover mostly travel to some Bitcoin-related events.

3. David Allen worked on an initial outline for the upcoming blog post of the education committee. Nikos will be adding more information. If you would like to contribute, please sign up for a Github and edit [this page](https://github.com/btcfoundationedcom/btcfoundationedcom.github.io/blob/master/blog/01-decentralization.md). Nikos hopes to submit the post by June 6.


