# Functions of the Bitcoin Foundation Education Committee

(I don't like the title it should be something like: Functions of the Bitcoin Foundation Education Committee) and 
we should add a paragraph about the participation in grants program and the production of the various guide documents
(is there anyway to add comments to github content as opposed to editing the document itself like this?) I think this blog post is mostly OK but the emphasis seems to be on github rather then the actual functions and work of the committee...thoughts?

From the three goals of the Bitcoin Foundation (standardization, protection and promotion of Bitcoin), the education committee is focused on promotion. To promote Bitcoin, the committee currently focuses on producing best-practice guides that members of the general public can turn to for information about Bitcoin and its potential. What we would like to share with you in this article is how the committee is creating those materials with an eye towards its decentralization and its opening to the community.

During the past few months, the committee has been using Github for content hosting, content generation, task management and credit attribution. The goal is for all content created by the committee to be hosted on Github, all editing to be done there, all tasks to be public and, most importantly, membership and standing in the committee to be determined by contributions.

We have created [guides](https://github.com/btcfoundationedcom/btcfoundationedcom.github.io/tree/master/guides) with give an introduction to Bitcoin, and talk about selecting a wallet, buying bitcoin, using bitcoin in business and the technical part of bitcoin for non-technical users. You can also see the [proposals](https://github.com/btcfoundationedcom/btcfoundationedcom.github.io/tree/master/proposals) that include among other the committee's university relations and the committee's social media presence. Those proposals and recommendations are made to the Board of the Foundation from time to time. Because these materials were created in an open-ended way, everybody is free to participate at any time.

People in the committee come and go, ideas gain and lose momentum but with Github everybody's work is visible to the world. Committee membership is not determined by a decree and nobody chooses whom to appoint in the committee. There is a chair-person, currently Nikos Bentenitis, who is pushing towards this vision and is encouraging everybody to participate. The idea is that if this experiment in decentralized content creation succeeds, there will be no need for a chair-person.

We invite you to look at the committee's homepage, repository, outstanding tasks (called issues on Github), and current contributors. And we encourage you to set up a Github account and to contribute to the committee's work by updating our guides, translating them or sharing them with your network. The committee has a social media presence with committee members sharing the credentials of social media accounts and posting there. So join us on Twitter and Facebook, if you would like to get in touch.
